Attempt to describe picture annotation placement/size options (#9738)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/map_views/map_view.rst

      the :guilabel:`Frame` and :guilabel:`Background` colors.
* Picture annotations allow you to display a :guilabel:`Raster image` or an :guilabel:`SVG image`,
  using the :ref:`embedded_file_selector`.
  The placement and size of the picture can be set as:

>   .. the description below should ABSOLUTELY be REVIEWED!!!

Reviewer: my understanding:

- in "Scale dependent size", the image is tied to map units, so there's only one reference size and no width/height inputs, hence only the single Lock aspect ratio checkbox.

- in "Fixed size" and "Relative to map", the size is defined in screen/output units, so both width and height fields are exposed, along with the aspect ratio lock.

     And I don't get why there's "Lock aspect ratio" vs dedicated "width/height/lock apect ratio"
     depending on the drop-down item

  * :guilabel:`Scale dependent size`: the picture annotation will always be rendered at the same size, ???

>   * :guilabel:`Fixed size`: the picture annotation will always be rendered on screen at the same size,
>     regardless of the map scale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :guilabel:`Fixed size`: the picture maintains a constant size in screen or output units (e.g. pixels or millimeters), 
    regardless of map scale.
```
